Clarify services when no service is needed (#1662)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/src/configuration/app/web.md

Although most websites today have some dynamic component, static site generators are a valid way to build a site.  This documentation is built using a tool called Hugo, and served by Platform.sh as a static site.  You can see the [entire repository](https://github.com/platformsh/platformsh-docs) on GitHub.  The `.platform.app.yaml` file it uses is listed below.  Note in particular the `web.commands.start` directive. There needs to be some background process so it's set to the `sleep` shell command, which will simply block forever (or some really long time, as computers don't know about forever) and restart if needed.  The file also runs the Hugo build process, and then specifies the files that are allowed to serve.

> If you do no require any additional service, you can leave the `.platform/services.yaml` file empty.
> This will avoid wasting ressources on your project and will speed up the re-deployment.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do no require any additional service, you can leave the `.platform/services.yaml` file empty. The file itself is required, but its contents are optional.

```
